Q1) Write the difference between JRE, JDK and JVM?
Ans. JVM (Java Virtual Machine) have the required software which takes the bytecode which is .class file
	and converts makes it excutable. JVM can execute a bytecode irrespective of the platform.
	whereas JRE(Java Runtime Environment) is a set of JVM and the predefined libraby, predefined library is something
	which store the predefined keywords or other neccessary details. While JDK is a whole kit which contains
	JRE in addition with dev tools, i.e. developers tools like java compiler, java debugger etc.


Q2) Write the difference between JSE, JEE and JME?
Ans. 1. Java Standard Edition (JSE): JSE is the basic foundation of the remaining 2 other editions.
	This is the core Java platform, it is a specification, which contains the core libraries to
	develop standalone, networking, database, GUI, multithreaded types of applications.
     
     2. Java Enterprise Edition (JEE)
	The Java EE platform provides an API and runtime environment for developing and
	running large-scale, multi-tiered, scalable, reliable, and secure network applications.
     
     3.Java Micro Edition (JME)
	It is a subset of Java SE, designed used for microdevices and embedded development
	like mobile phones, sensors, micro-controller, TV set-top boxes etc.


Q3) How does java achieve platform independency?
Ans. Java compiler compiles the code and converts it into .class file or bytecode which can be accessible by JVM
	irrespective of the platform, no matter it is windowsOS, MACOS or any. If JVM is install in an OS, it will
	take the bytecode and translate the code and translate it to the native code for the respective OS. Once the bytecode
	is generated it can be used by any jvm through any os.


Q4) What are features of Java and explain them?
Ans. Features of Java
    Simple:- Java is easy to learn and its syntax is quite simple, clean and easy to understand.

    Object-Oriented:- Java is object-oriented, it supports all the OOPS
	characteristics. This makes java applications easy to develop and maintain,
	compared to structured programming language.
 
    Portable and Platform Independent:- Java source code is compiled and
	converted into bytecode. this bytecode can run on multiple platforms i.e. Write Once
	and Run Anywhere(WORA), we can compile the java code in one Operating
	System and execute it on another Operating System.

    Secure:- JAVA has provided an implicit component inside JVM in the form of a
	“Security Manager”  to provide implicit security against malicious code. Java has
	provided very good predefined implementations for almost all well-known network
	security. JAVA has provided a separate middleware service in JAAS [Java
	Authentication and Authorization Service], which provides web security. Auth, SSO.

   Robust:- Robust means strong. Java is having a very good memory management
	system in the form of a heap memory management system, it is a dynamic memory
	management system, it allocates and deallocates memory for the objects at
	runtime. JAVA is having very good Exception Handling mechanisms, because, Java
	has provided a very good predefined library to represent and handle almost all the
	frequently generated exceptions in java applications.

  Multithreaded:- Java supports multithreading to enhance performance. by using
	this we can execute multiple functionalities simultaneously.

Q5) Write a Java Application which prints your details?

package com.masai;

public class Demo {
	
	public static void main(String[] args) {
		System.out.println("Name : Gaurav");
		System.out.println("Father’s Name : Umed Singh");
		System.out.println("Mother ‘s Name : Luxmi Devi");
		System.out.println("Age : 25");
		System.out.println("Gender : Male");
		System.out.println("Address : Bahadurgarh");
		System.out.println("Mobile No. : 7056319981");
	}
}
